there's something wrong here with you a
mystery man oh you're gonna have a big
impact on you me
funny thing about relationships you know
where you've been
oh oh you toothpick yeah Jamis morning
isn't it great
yeah it's nice it's just a little small
you think you know where you're going
it was innocent Jack was just be Jack
yet his hands all over you
but no matter how much you love someone
eventually we're gonna get married
I mean definitely we're gonna get
married eventually there's always
someone else Elizabeth called and she
said she's sorry she ended up staying at
her mom's last night and he decided I
saw her with someone tell me who it was
I am absolutely not cheating on you drew
Barrymore
James laro Jennifer Beals Jon Stewart in
the romantic comedy wishful thinking you
don't have to tell me I saw the rest of
it I'm knowledge question